chore(global): restructured repo & adopted sso sample (#19)
camunda/camunda-optimize-examples: optimize-sso-keycloak-example/README.md

# Camunda Optimize Keycloak SSO Example

This example demonstrates how you can set up SSO with Optimize and Keycloak.

The most important part from the Optimize perspective of this example is the custom Optimize SSO Plugin
[sso-plugin](../plugins/sso-plugin)
To find out more about the Optimize SSO Plugin mechanism, find the docs [here](https://docs.camunda.org/optimize/latest/technical-guide/plugins/single-sign-on/)

It includes a docker-compose with:
1. Camunda Optimize
2. ElasticSearch
3. Camunda BPM
2. Keycloak Authentication Server
3. Keycloak Proxy Server

The Keycloak Server has one user:

```
demo:notdemo
```

# How to run?

## Clone the Repo

## Build the SSO-Plugin Plugin

Run `mvn clean package -pl plugins/sso-plugin -am` in the root of this repository

## Replace the the License

Put your Optimize license into `./optimize-config/OptimizeLicense.txt`

## Run docker-compose

1. Build all images with `docker-compose build`
2. Login to private Camunda Docker EE Registry with `docker login registry.camunda.cloud` Use your EE LDAP credentials to log in.
3. Start all images `docker-compose up -d`

## Open Optimize

> 1. Open WebBrowser
> 2. Open `http://localhost:8095`
> 3. Login with: `demo:notdemo`

Reviewer: It be enough to simply say something like:

```suggestion
Open `http://localhost:8095` in a web browser and log in `demo:notdemo`
```
